little aunt
Zhao Shao, what are you doing?
So humiliating
What if he lied to you?
Move your fart, what about your hair care and bronzing figure?
You see how I will become air bangs later
Fireworks
You won't regret it, will you?
Oops, it really hurts
Forget it, gentleman
Horses are hard to chase
Hahaha, this jade seal is really extraordinary
I actually vaguely sensed the fluctuation of the dragon vein
It seems that my Ye family should be extraordinary too
Ye Huan, your mistake is that you shouldn't be humble
Disrupt the banquet
But also to the governor
His Excellency the Governor
I don't need your handrail today
I'll help you myself
You also took this kid's life at ease
Zhao Jincheng, you are shameless
Why is Ye Huan still hiding behind you?
If you were a man, you would stop
Otherwise don't blame me for being ruthless
Although my Zhao family follows medical principles
But I, Zhao Jinchang, can be regarded as a no-break
Now there is a magic weapon here to spend this money
You know.
So should I be shivering now?
Of course!
Zhao Jincheng, I said that your Yintang is black.
The entrance is evil
Survive today
I believe your mother
You just said that you are holding hands from land
Now it's a serious law again
I tell you that's the fucking Supreme Martial Arts
The person who reached the top of the entire building that year
Ten fingers countdown
The Supreme Martial Dao
Daoists are different
I have a family instrument
Sacrifice a large number of weapons
Maybe you can really become a martial arts supreme
At that time, the words will follow this sword dragon
A word can determine life and death
So I am also against the law.
You stop on my ground first
Haha cherry blossoms
You pick up attrition to help you block the knife
Our Women
I'm really good
It's not worth it, hahahaha.
Fu Hongyan, this is the man you chose